---
title: "about"
bg: white
color: black
style: left
---
<div align="center">
 
<h1> Digital Literacy Pop-Ups Toolkit</h1>
 <h2> short-form, no-cost templates for teaching digital literacies. </h2> 
<p>
<span class="fa-stack subtlecircle" style="font-size:100px; background:rgba(8,4,10,0.1)">
  <i class="fa fa-circle fa-stack-2x text-white"></i>
  <i class="fa fa-signal fa-stack-1x text-purple"></i>
</span>
<p>
 
<div align="left">
<h2> about the project </h2>
<p>
This project stemmed from the rise of conversations about digital security, privacy, and media literacy in this political and technological climate. In the library, we realized that it has become increasingly difficult for individuals in our community to assess the credibility in the things they consume online, and to manage their digital identity. Previous work in our library centred on creating resources that our community members could consult to build their skills in managing their <a href="https://guides.lib.uwo.ca/online_privacy">online privacy </a>and assessing the credibility of their <a href="https://guides.lib.uwo.ca/news_sources"> news sources. </a>
<p>
However, these technological, media, and data literacies are difficult to incorporate into typical in-class library instruction. <strong> As a result, students who do not actively seek out this information may not have the opportunity to develop these skills.</strong><p>

The <strong> Digital Literacy Pop-Up Toolkit </strong> will help you run activites to connect members of your community with tools to improve their 21st century digital literacies through short-form, light-touch, pop-up based programming. These activities can be run with supplies that are easily available in any setting. These pop-ups provide opportunities for one-on-one or small group instructional engagement, while also providing libraries, teachers, or engaged citizens with opportunities to assess community interest in and attitudes towards digital literacies.

